[Autogenerated] alright, so all of that builds up to step functions now.
Step functions are a service in a W s that allow us to coordinate are
distributed applications using visual work flows.
So each component within our step function workflow performs its
own discreet function or task before moving on.
Now this allows us to have reliable coordination and a
reliable step through of our applications.
So we can guarantee a specific order is followed now.
It also allows for automatic triggering.
There's automatic step tracking,
and it also allows for automatic re tries after errors occur.
So it's a very resilient service.
And one last neat feature is that all steps are logged
for a quick diagnosis of any problems.
So diving into the console allows us to quickly analyze what's
going on in our step functions when they break.
Now, let's go ahead.
Let's move into the AWS step functions console,
and we'll start playing around with step functions and
looking at the different triggers, as well as the different endpoints that it can connect to